h1. The SocialGrid WordPress Plugin

By Michael Whalen

SocialGrid began as a simple addition to the "Tasty":http://whalesalad.com/tasty, and has evolved into a next generation WordPress plugin for all to incorporate into their sites.

*REQUIREMENTS:* As of now, everything that I create (including this plugin, SocialGrid) *require PHP5*.

h2. Updates / Changelog

* *v1.0 (11/26/09)* - This is the initial release of the SocialGrid plugin!

h2. Installation

* Upload the @socialgrid@ directory to the @/wp-content/plugins/@ directory, and enable it in the plugins area of your WordPress admin.
* In the *Widgets* area of your site, drag the SocialGrid widget into your sidebar and the desired location.
* In the *Appearance* area of your site, click on *SocialGrid Options* and you'll be greeted with the page to configure your SocialGrid.

h2. Problems

If you encounter any problems with SocialGrid, be sure to "contact me":http://whalesalad.com/contact or "create an issue":http://github.com/whalesalad/socialgrid/issues on Github.

If you are unable to modify SocialGrid settings, chances are you don't have PHP5 enabled on your server. This reminds me, I need to add a check to my various admin panels to prevent modification if there is anything less than PHP5 installed. If you don't have PHP5 enabled, contact your webhost or search around your hosting admin panel for a setting to enable it.

h2. Modification

At the moment, SocialGrid isn't very extensible and modifyable. It is, however, hosted here on Github for all of you to play with and modify. I encourage customization and feature suggestions!